There has been an emphasis on the senses in many of the text's we've discussed.
The "loss of sight" that Shukumar and Shoba experience in "A temporary matter"
allow them to connect with one another. Select one of the senses
and discuss how it is represented in one of the texts we looked at last term.
What symbolic signifiance does this sense hold? How does the character(s)
reliance on or distrust of their senses impact their sense of self
and their intimate relations with others?

Idea: not seeing = a form of escapism

First para: escapism and not seeing in many of the stories
            (to establish that this is a recurring theme)

Second para: 

Issues: Why does their sharing of hurtful secrets bring them closer together?
- let's them know that theyre both imperfect 

Chronotope: time speeds up when you can't see and you're unaware of your blindness?

Note that we know don't know the others' reaction from hearing each other's stories

We can argue that the revelations are only cathartic for the person
that is divulging their secrets

In this story, Lahiri translates blindness from a metaphoric interpretation
to a literal one.


Is the blindness equivalent to a disruption in time and space 

Theses
-------
1. 
- The 'blindness' results in a disruption between time/space, they no longer have to move forward
  - But it's not exactly comfort 
  - What's the symbolic significance of sight? In this book, G
- It's a common theme in the book
  - old lady in the last story of the book:w
  - having trouble finding a cultural theme

2. A completely alternative interpretation
-   

See if you can say something interesting about the book instead and then connect it to one of the theses

A Third and Final Continent
----------------------------
- Hopeful; but not quite. 
"I have remained in this new world for nearly thirty years. I know that my achievenemt is quite ordinary. I know
that I am not the only man to seek his fortune far from home and certainly I am not the first. Still, there are
times I am bewildered by each mile I have traveled, each meal I have eaten, each person I have known, each room in which I have slept.
As ordinary as it all appears, there are times when it is beyond my imagination 

Rough idea: 
  - Second paragraph: Boori Ma and her disintegration from the story (and from our minds)
  - Third paragraph: Why it's important to consider all stories of immigration (because cherrypicking means that things will never get better)

Paragraph structure:
(1) Intro; duhdoy
(2) First paragraph: Lahiri paints a hopeful picture in the final story but the final paragraph is laced with irony (How?)
The last story is ostensibly a feel-good immigrant story that comes up from the dirt. In the final paragraph, the author proceeds to 


First body paragraph:

Interpreter of Maladies ostensibly ends on a hopeful note---the immigrant who arrived with nothing but ten dollars to his name 
lifts himself up by his own bootstraps into upper-middle class America.  [You can stretch this out more; talk about how it fits a typical idealization
of an american immigrant]

[This should come at the end of the paragraph]
The narrator, who happens to be the aforementioned immigrant, 
mentions that his achievement is "quite ordinary" (198). This fits into the [toxic], western idealization of immigrants that happens to hurt 
other less fortunate immigrants. [Some point about how it hampers prospects for less fortunate immigrants who do slip up]

[Some transition sentence to A Real Durwan]

Second body paragraph:

[Paragraph about who it hurts in particular]
[A real durwan stood out because at the end, boori ma disintegrates as she's rejected by her society]

Third body paragraph: 
This isn't to say that the entirety of the last story is meant to make the reader feel bad for being satisfied with a feel-good immigrant story
and for purging the memory of an earlier reader. It also provides a guideline for western, educated readers to assist immigrants?

What is your thesis buddy boy?

The Third and Final Continent is ostensibly a stereotypical, feel-good story about immigrants. However, the fruitiness of this story in comparison
to other stories is too strong for it to be accepted at face value. 

That it's easy and wrong to feel comforted and/or satisfied with this story. Doing so is injustice to those that aren't so fortunate. Rather this story
serves as a guideline not for what the ideal immigrant should be like but rather how a western citizen can help immigrants succeed.


The final story in Lahiri's Interpreter of Maladies, The Third and Final Continent, 

----------------------------- Paragraph 1 ----------------------------------------

Change thesis: how impossibly hard it is to be a perfect model immigrant

Many stories in Lahiri's Interpreter of Maladies, including A Temporary Matter, Mrs Sen, and A Real Durwan 
hint at possibilities of [believable] salvation before a final blow in their respective plots reduces their flickers to [melancholic] flatlines. 
Shoba and Shukumar's relationship finally seems to show signs of life before Shoba reveals that she intended to leave
well before their reconciliations; Mrs Sen slowly develops the courage to partake in Urban[,] American culture until it all but disappears after her car accident; 
Boori Ma patiently waits for new [bedding] before she's blamed for her community's burglary. The Third and Final Continent, 
the final short story in Lahiri's collection, doesn't fit into this mould. The protagonist in this final story
manages to climb and claw his way up from [the dirt] to the American upper middle class. While it's not a [sin]
for Lahiri to want to end her collection on an optimistic note, it seems [rather] uncharacteristic of her to 
write a story where the protagonist fits the picturesque, stereotypical idea of a model immigrant. I argue that while this final story may seem to be about how 
an immigrant can achieve the american dream through a combination of hard work and 
[native assistance], it actually serves as a criticism for western society's privileging of model immigrants. Lahiri accomplishes this by:
(1) painting a picture of an essentially perfect model immigrant that demands a second look, (2) using the stark contrast between this story and 
previous stories [what about previous stories?]---A Real Durwan in particular---to accentuate this privilege.

----------------------------- Paragraph 1 ----------------------------------------


----------------------------- Paragraph 2 ----------------------------------------

[Any significance to the narrator not being given a name?]

The narrator is nameless because he's a dreamlike model immigrant that doesn't exist?

The narrator 

We all know that 

American upper middle class

Is Lahiri aware of this  

[Jump to textual evidence]

IT'S TOO FUCKIN PERFECT CUH

Starts with 10$ -> Moves to apartment -> Gets to join suburban middle class

What about the rest of the stories? -> 

[Question: does this final story make us recall earlier stories?]

"my story is not special" is definitely ironic; we know this because of all the stories we read leading up to this. 


This story reads like a typical immigrant experience. Or at least, an idealized version of what the immigrant experience should be.
A young man immigrating with nearly nothing to his name. :q
 


----------------------------- Paragraph 2 ----------------------------------------




Roadmap







It wouldn't be a sin for Lahiri to end her collection on an optimistic note



The final story in the collection, The Third and Final Continent, doesn't fit into this mould. 


Glaringly, 










not states but says? mentions? 



Second body paragraph:



Third body paragraph:


- Significance of the title: "The Third and Final Continent"?
  - 
- Ms. Croft's importance. She is their first connection to America. 

Good points:
-  (Earliness of A Real Durwan)
- likelihood of the existence of other Ms. Crofts (hint: not likely)
    


pedagogical imperative

Maybe a new thesis: Lahiri places an immense focus on what other readers/writers may perceive as day to day mundanities. Insert examples. As such, it's unsurprising that
                    this focus on aforementioned mundanities are the reason that 

                    Lahiri's main focus in this novel was to illuminate the experiences and day to day lives of first and second generation immigrants. 
                    In the Third and Final Continent, Lahiri argues that communal involvement is the most significant part of successful immigration [needs
                    to be defined].

  
Many stories in Lahiri's Interpreter of Maladies, including A Temporary Matter, Mrs Sen, and A Real Durwan 
hint at possibilities of [believable] salvation before a final blow in their respective plots reduces their flickers to [melancholic] flatlines. 
Shoba and Shukumar's relationship finally seems to show signs of life before Shoba reveals that she intended to leave
well before their reconciliations; Mrs Sen slowly develops the courage to partake in Urban[,] American culture until it all but disappears after her car accident; 
Boori Ma patiently waits for new [bedding] before she's blamed for her community's burglary. The Third and Final Continent, 
the final short story in Lahiri's collection, doesn't fit into this mould. The protagonist in this final story
manages to climb and claw his way up from [the dirt] to the American upper middle class. While it's not a [sin]
for Lahiri to want to end her collection on an optimistic note, it seems [rather] uncharacteristic of her to 
write a story where the protagonist fits the picturesque, stereotypical idea of a model immigrant. I argue that while this final story may seem to be about how 
an immigrant can achieve the american dream through a combination of hard work and 
[native assistance], it actually serves as a criticism for western society's privileging of model immigrants. Lahiri accomplishes this by:
(1) painting a picture of an essentially perfect model immigrant that demands a second look, (2) using the stark contrast between this story and 
previous stories [what about previous stories?]---A Real Durwan in particular---to accentuate this privilege.

---------------------------------------- Intro Paragraph ------------------------------------------------------------

Evidence: - In A Real Durwan: the climax of the story was not the act of the robbery itself---it was described and
                            subsequently discarded in a single line: "..."
          - Not providing name for narrator (evidenced by last paragraph)
          - 


                            
                  
Lahiri's stories are undeniably concerned with familiarizing a [some audience] with the 

She plays with the signifance of day to day events: how much can be expressed with them? What Happens when

Lahiri's stories in Interpreter of Maladies have a peculiarly [intensive/obsessive] concern with the day-to-day mundanities and slight idiosyncrasies of first and 
second-generation, south-asian immigrants. This concern was particularly surprising considering that there ought to be more pressing
concerns in the life of a foreigner and yet Lahiri pays little attention to such matters.
As I progressed through the collection, the motivation behind this obsession was elucidated: all the discomfort, alienation, or acceptance that a foreigner 
may feel is articulated far more poignantly through the banal moments of an average day. Lahiri depicts the deterioration of a relationship 
not through habitual arguments but rather the breaking of quaint traditions. She portrays alienation not in explicit acts of exclusion
but rather the inability to sleep comfortably. Her obsession with the day-to-day mundanities of these characters is (almost) explicitly clarified in the final story of 
the collection: The Third and Final Continent. Through this final story, she argues that the most important---and habitually overlooked---component 
of successfully integrating an immigrant is communal involvement and acceptance. She makes this argument in three parts within the final story: [by [making] a complete tonal
shift in the narrator's perspective when he finally feels a sense of membership in the [Boston?] community], . 






[How do you know that they're concerned]? 



